1.
Sleeper's PID is: 70991
Slept for 0 iterations!
Slept for 1 iterations!
Slept for 2 iterations!
Slept for 3 iterations!
Slept for 4 iterations!
Slept for 5 iterations!
Slept for 6 iterations!
Slept for 7 iterations!
Slept for 8 iterations!
^C

2.  SIGINT       P1990      Term    Interrupt from keyboard
    Numeric value: 2

3.  Using "kill -s 2 <pid>" sent SIGINT to the sleeping process.
The sleeper process was terminated

    Slept for 132 iterations!
    Slept for 133 iterations!
Then the process got killed and the shell returned to prompt.

4.  I picked SIGKILL (signal 9). I ran: kill -s 9 <pid>
Output before the kill:
Slept for 29 iterations!
After sending SIGKILL process was immediately and forcibly
terminated 
Unlike SIGINT, SIGKILL cannot be caught, blocked, or
ignored by the process - the OS kills it unconditionally.

5.  
When running call_sleeper and pressing control c, SIGINT is sent to
the entire foreground process group including both the caller/Parent
and the sleeper/child. Both processes terminated. The
calling program didn't print its success message
("Parent finished waiting and returned successfully!") because it
is killed before it can finish waiting.

6.  
void sigint_handler(int signum) {
    printf("Caller is ignoring SIGINT signal %d\n", signum);
}

In main(), before the fork():
    signal(SIGINT, sigint_handler);

7.
Forking sleeper...
Waiting for sleeper 12345...
Sleeper's PID is: 12346
Slept for 0 iterations!
Slept for 1 iterations!
Slept for 2 iterations!
^C
Caller is ignoring SIGINT signal 2
Parent finished waiting and returned successfully!

When CTRL-C is pressed the sleeper (child) receives SIGINT and
terminates since it has no custom handler 
The caller (parent) intercepts SIGINT with the custom handler prints the ignore
message and then continues waiting 
Since the child has exited waitpid() returns and the caller prints its success message

8.  
a web server process receiving SIGHUP (hang-up signal) to reload its
configuration file without fully restarting 
Instead of shutting down and losing active connections the server catches SIGHUP and
re-reads its config file applying new settings on the fly
this is commonly used by servers like nginx and apache.
